hey whats up guys know me here playing
some secret of the magic crystal
otherwise known as Pony manager 2012
long story short somebody gifted me this
game and I am obligated to play it so
without further ado let's get into the
netchicks special meteor at the
atmosphere of the earth a long time what
the meteor felons pieces and its
crystals were lost our grandfather found
two of these crystals and discovered
that they had special effect on horses
the Christmas give special abilities to
horses he said the scholars laughed at
him and expelled him he gave those two
crystals to us hoping that we would be
able to realize his alright that's cool
let's choose a player let's go with this
guy's shirt it's not like I wanted to
read your chromatically incorrect story
anyways
it's like his face is too small for his
head or Scott bill if your horse got ill
you would have to look for the
stethoscope on the table to examine it
wow you can cure it with an light
I have to beat it yeah my first Pony
ahead you like that can't
and cream and your shiny oh whoa what
the how did that happen okay that
was terrifying I don't understand what
am i doing wrong
wow you're the worst pony all the
training courses are just essentially
pony ddr
Oh keep your tablet get that nigga let
me scrub that get this logo it is me
Oh for the strongest horses Elia my
voice is strong
wait this is the race look at all the
trophies aren't God hopefully horse I
guess I gotta pony up some cash I want a
new pony whose commitment of the
horsemen blondie kind of wanted a
minigame for that sorry Ignacio but i
gotta saw you to the glue factory
blondie you my favorite pony even if you
are misunderstood why are you sick now I
have no money all right now yo hand sick
too i watch this one watch those come
for you ready ready for this you ready
ready pool I'm a whole oskam away oh of
course more like obstacle horse I'd
be a fool not to buy another pony
whoa hey pretty cool actually except I
don't know how you're not burning down
my stable right now oh wait yes I do
magic remember when I promised I saw you
last I lied all right almond you under
you and your hand you make Ignacio but
he's been reincarnated Panama stood they
they ran out of names or a cycle through
a lot of ponies you know the skin
wouldn't be so bad if it enough the same
damn music looping war and over again
seriously the entire soundtrack is like
one song
thank you may read dick what just
started playing this game I'm talking
about only been playing this game for
Oh